can we seriously just stop with this us
versus then thing already it's tired is
boring it's not helpful to anyone that's
the main thing it divides people it
helps no one I'm really not a big fan of
drama in general and my disposition is
to ignore her but due to ethyl essence a
Thor relentlessly bullying my good
friend Rachel oats into self harming and
then heavily insinuating that she's
using the color of her skin to
manipulate people I'm done with silence
I'd like to have an argument please no
this is my first time on the 29th of
March I published a video on transgender
athletes and I screwed up bad ever
published a response that was in large
decent just like the aforementioned
people effort accurately pointed out
many of my mistakes but unlike the
previous people she incessantly assigned
to me malice motive she insisted that I
had made the video with the intent of
deliberately hurting trans people just
as a means to attack trans women and
their place in public in fact she
straight-up asserted that I was jumping
on the anti trans bandwagon simply to
cash in on a far-right paycheck Oh Deary
me the ultra light man is here to teach
us about his fears for women's pores
Stephen wood food form rationality rules
is jumping on the anti trans bandwagon
because when the bible thumpers are too
busy to blame us for every natural
disaster on this planet the trademark
skeptics step up to claim that we're
destroying Western civilization
anyhow while flying back from the warm
hospitality of the ACA the ACA publicly
denounced me and since receiving a
denouncement from such a large and
respected organization can be absolutely
career-ending I had to put everything
aside in order to reply immediately he
as a creator was acting on transphobic
principles when he made it he formed his
argument from sheer prejudice for trans
women based on preconceived notions and
stereotypes of what they're lying oh
this is an argument contradiction
on the 1515 I published my updated views
and seven days later ever published a
response titled rationality rules proves
himself a transphobic AK one group
including yourself is arguing fumu or
certain human rights for trans people to
be clear you are not supportive of the
trans community you are certainly no
trans Ally you are a transphobic hack
this is futile so it isn't ok but
argument argue is not the same as
contradiction
danby during the month of July fo
asserted that I had had a transphobic
meltdown claim that the ACA had died you
to transphobia and attacked Matt
Dillahunty
who is considered a massive ally of the
trans community for not publicly
denouncing me and finally on the 24th of
August FL created yet another video on
the topic in which she somehow
quadrupled down on her defamation
stating as fact get this that my one and
only goal throughout this entire ordeal
has been to maximize the amount of harm
to trans people that I possibly can
Woodfin is not setting out to him
through sport he's setting out to
maximize the amount of harm he can cause
trans people collective statements to
establish a definite proposition this as
anyone with eyes can see is absolutely
detrimental to the trans community look
if I argue with you I must take up a
country position automatic gainsaying of
anything the other person says yes but
after trampling over the reputation of
these figures who are let's not forget
considered massive allies of the trans
community ever found someone who simply
couldn't ignore her accusations my close
friend Rachel Oates after harassing and
demanding that Rachel denounced me as a
trans folk and manipulating everything
that Rachel had to say while blocking
her from defending herself as Ethel does
Rachel replied in video format I don't
care about sport I don't know anything
about sport I have no interest in sport
so I didn't even have an opinion on the
video
that's it just getting interested sorry
the 5 minutes is up this is exactly the
same as the people who say oh when did
you stop hitting your wife
I never viciously attacked trans people
I can't stop viciously attacking trans
people because I never started after
months of Lies and bullying Rachel
Brooke she posted a video in which she
was profusely crying with blood
trickling down her arm from self-harm
just as a means of getting effort to
recognize the harm and abuse that her
nail core causing honestly Ethel you've
become the very monster that you set out
to slay an abusive intolerant bigoted
bully Rachel
while you may not feel like it you are
extremely strong despite all of the
bullying and manipulating you didn't
cave to Ethel's demands you didn't
condemn me you didn't endorse a lie and
for that you have my utmost respect it's
truly an honor to call you my friend
thanks link I guess
[Music]
hey it's a dirty job princess but
somebody's got to do it I'm glad it's
you Linc I wish I had the chance to live
those few moments again I understand
fortunately I can I forgive me I'm going
to what happened and most importantly
I'm not gonna sit here and make any
excuses Oh make it excuse me I'd say
great part of me being able to exercise
self-control what I did was inexcusable
what I've done my mother and my
spiritual teachers have taught me way
better than that
I have toriana countless time to tell
that [ __ ] I mean really people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know